.nh
.TH IAM(1) iam User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
iam-watcher - IAM watcher server


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBiam-watcher\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
IAM Watcher is a pluggable watcher service used to do some periodic work like cron job.
But the difference with cron job is iam-watcher also support sleep some duration after previous job done.

.PP
Find more iam-pump information at:
    https://github.com/marmotedu/iam/blob/master/docs/guide/en-US/cmd/iam-watcher.md


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB--alsologtostderr\fP=false
	log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB-c\fP, \fB--config\fP=""
	Read configuration from specified \fB\fCFILE\fR, support JSON, TOML, YAML, HCL, or Java properties formats.

.PP
\fB--health-check-address\fP="0.0.0.0:6060"
	Specifies liveness health check bind address.

.PP
\fB--health-check-path\fP="healthz"
	Specifies liveness health check request path.

.PP
\fB--log-backtrace-at\fP=:0
	when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB--log-dir\fP=""
	If non-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB--log.development\fP=false
	Development puts the logger in development mode, which changes the behavior of DPanicLevel and takes stacktraces more liberally.

.PP
\fB--log.disable-caller\fP=false
	Disable output of caller information in the log.

.PP
\fB--log.disable-stacktrace\fP=false
	Disable the log to record a stack trace for all messages at or above panic level.

.PP
\fB--log.enable-color\fP=false
	Enable output ansi colors in plain format logs.

.PP
\fB--log.error-output-paths\fP=[stderr]
	Error output paths of log.

.PP
\fB--log.format\fP="console"
	Log output \fB\fCFORMAT\fR, support plain or json format.

.PP
\fB--log.level\fP="info"
	Minimum log output \fB\fCLEVEL\fR\&.

.PP
\fB--log.name\fP=""
	The name of the logger.

.PP
\fB--log.output-paths\fP=[stdout]
	Output paths of log.

.PP
\fB--logtostderr\fP=false
	log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB--mysql.database\fP=""
	Database name for the server to use.

.PP
\fB--mysql.host\fP="127.0.0.1:3306"
	MySQL service host address. If left blank, the following related mysql options will be ignored.

.PP
\fB--mysql.log-mode\fP=1
	Specify gorm log level.

.PP
\fB--mysql.max-connection-life-time\fP=10s
	Maximum connection life time allowed to connecto to mysql.

.PP
\fB--mysql.max-idle-connections\fP=100
	Maximum idle connections allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--mysql.max-open-connections\fP=100
	Maximum open connections allowed to connect to mysql.

.PP
\fB--mysql.password\fP=""
	Password for access to mysql, should be used pair with password.

.PP
\fB--mysql.username\fP=""
	Username for access to mysql service.

.PP
\fB--redis.addrs\fP=[]
	A set of redis address(format: 127.0.0.1:6379).

.PP
\fB--redis.database\fP=0
	By default, the database is 0. Setting the database is not supported with redis cluster. As such, if you have --redis.enable-cluster=true, then this value should be omitted or explicitly set to 0.

.PP
\fB--redis.enable-cluster\fP=false
	If you are using Redis cluster, enable it here to enable the slots mode.

.PP
\fB--redis.host\fP="127.0.0.1"
	Hostname of your Redis server.

.PP
\fB--redis.master-name\fP=""
	The name of master redis instance.

.PP
\fB--redis.optimisation-max-active\fP=4000
	In order to not over commit connections to the Redis server, we may limit the total number of active connections to Redis. We recommend for production use to set this to around 4000.

.PP
\fB--redis.optimisation-max-idle\fP=2000
	This setting will configure how many connections are maintained in the pool when idle (no traffic). Set the --redis.optimisation-max-active to something large, we usually leave it at around 2000 for HA deployments.

.PP
\fB--redis.password\fP=""
	Optional auth password for Redis db.

.PP
\fB--redis.port\fP=6379
	The port the Redis server is listening on.

.PP
\fB--redis.ssl-insecure-skip-verify\fP=false
	Allows usage of self-signed certificates when connecting to an encrypted Redis database.

.PP
\fB--redis.timeout\fP=0
	Timeout (in seconds) when connecting to redis service.

.PP
\fB--redis.use-ssl\fP=false
	If set, IAM will assume the connection to Redis is encrypted. (use with Redis providers that support in-transit encryption).

.PP
\fB--redis.username\fP=""
	Username for access to redis service.

.PP
\fB--stderrthreshold\fP=2
	logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--v\fP=0
	log level for V logs

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit.

.PP
\fB--vmodule\fP=
	comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging

.PP
\fB--watcher.counter.max-reserve-days\fP=180
	Policy audit log maximum retention days.

.PP
\fB--watcher.task.max-inactive-days\fP=0
	Maximum user inactivity time. Otherwise the account will be disabled.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the marmotedu source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
