.nh
.TH IAM(1) iam User Manuals
Eric Paris
Jan 2015

.SH NAME
.PP
iamctl completion - Output shell completion code for the specified shell (bash or zsh)


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBiamctl completion\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Output shell completion code for the specified shell (bash or zsh). The shell code must be evaluated to provide interactive completion of iamctl commands.  This can be done by sourcing it from the .bash_profile.

.PP
Detailed instructions on how to do this are available here: http://github.com/marmotedu/iam/docs/installation/iamctl.md#enabling-shell-autocompletion

.PP
Note for zsh users: [1] zsh completions are only supported in versions of zsh >= 5.2


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB--alsologtostderr\fP=false
	log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB-c\fP, \fB--config\fP=""
	Read configuration from specified \fB\fCFILE\fR, support JSON, TOML, YAML, HCL, or Java properties formats.

.PP
\fB--iamconfig\fP=""
	Path to the iamconfig file to use for CLI requests

.PP
\fB--log-backtrace-at\fP=:0
	when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB--log-dir\fP=""
	If non-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB--logtostderr\fP=false
	log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB--match-server-version\fP=false
	Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB--profile\fP="none"
	Name of profile to capture. One of (none|cpu|heap|goroutine|threadcreate|block|mutex)

.PP
\fB--profile-output\fP="profile.pprof"
	Name of the file to write the profile to

.PP
\fB-s\fP, \fB--server.address\fP=""
	The address and port of the IAM API server

.PP
\fB--server.certificate-authority\fP=""
	Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB--server.insecure-skip-tls-verify\fP=false
	If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB--server.max-retries\fP=0
	Maximum number of retries.

.PP
\fB--server.retry-interval\fP=1s
	The interval time between each attempt.

.PP
\fB--server.timeout\fP=30s
	The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB--server.tls-server-name\fP=""
	Server name to use for server certificate validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is used

.PP
\fB--stderrthreshold\fP=2
	logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB--user.client-certificate\fP=""
	Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB--user.client-key\fP=""
	Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB--user.password\fP=""
	Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB--user.secret-id\fP=""
	SecretID for JWT authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB--user.secret-key\fP=""
	SecretKey for jwt authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB--user.token\fP=""
	Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB--user.username\fP=""
	Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB-v\fP, \fB--v\fP=0
	log level for V logs

.PP
\fB--version\fP=false
	Print version information and quit.

.PP
\fB--vmodule\fP=
	comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Installing bash completion on macOS using homebrew
  ## If running Bash 3.2 included with macOS
  brew install bash-completion
  ## or, if running Bash 4.1+
  brew install bash-completion@2
  ## If iamctl is installed via homebrew, this should start working immediately.
  ## If you've installed via other means, you may need add the completion to your completion directory
  iamctl completion bash > $(brew --prefix)/etc/bash_completion.d/iamctl
  
  
  # Installing bash completion on Linux
  ## If bash-completion is not installed on Linux, please install the 'bash-completion' package
  ## via your distribution's package manager.
  ## Load the iamctl completion code for bash into the current shell
  source <(iamctl completion bash)
  ## Write bash completion code to a file and source if from .bash_profile
  iamctl completion bash > ~/.iam/completion.bash.inc
  printf "
  # IAM shell completion
  source '$HOME/.iam/completion.bash.inc'
  " >> $HOME/.bash_profile
  source $HOME/.bash_profile
  
  # Load the iamctl completion code for zsh[1] into the current shell
  source <(iamctl completion zsh)
  # Set the iamctl completion code for zsh[1] to autoload on startup
  iamctl completion zsh > "${fpath[1]}/_iamctl"

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBiamctl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the marmotedu source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
